In this lecture, we are going to look at renewing a let's encrypt SSL certificate, there are no new
configuration files in this lecture.
There are two commands.
One command has two options, which we will look at.
Firstly, to display the currently installed certificates sudo cert, but certificates that will display
the certificates that have been installed on your server as well as the expiry date.
I'm logged into my server Sudo Surgut certificates.
There is one certificate installed WPC Allied dot com.
The expiry date is also being displayed.
It's valid for another 52 days to renew your certificate sudo cert but renew now you have two options.
Dry Run will simulate the renewal to renew your actual certificates.
Sudo should not renew.
I like to use dry run initially just to check if I'm going to run into any problems.
Sudo cert but renew double hyphen.
Dry run.
Congratulations, all renewals succeeded once, if confirmed that my renewals will run without any problems,
I can use sudo cert but renew our Enuma certificates once a month, you will not be able to renew your
certificates once a month unless you use the force renewal option.
Sudo surfboat renew double hyphen force hyphen renewal.
Congratulations, all renewals succeeded, you deserved what certificates?
If I look at the expiry date now valid for 89 days after renewing or installing a let's encrypt certificate,
you must reload Ingenix.
Akron is a scheduler.
It allows you to run a specific command at a specific time that you specify.
So we will look at automated renewal shortly in this lecture.
We looked at renewing our let's encrypt SSL certificates.